README.md, before:

# 20533-ImplementingMicrosoftAzureInfrastructureSolutions

What are we doing?
- To support course 20533 Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions, we will need to make frequent updates to the course content to keep it current with the Azure services used in the course. We are publishing the lab instructions and lab files on GitHub to allow for open contributions between the course authors and MCTs to keep the content current with changes in the Azure platform.
- We hope that this brings a sense of collaboration to the labs like we've never had before - when Azure changes and you find it first during a live delivery, go ahead and make an enhancement right in the lab source. Help your fellow MCTs.

How should I use these files relative to the released MOC files?
- The instructor handbook and PowerPoints are still going to be your primary source for teaching the course content.
- These files on GitHub are designed to be used in conjunction with the student handbook, but are in GitHub as a central repository so MCTs and course authors can have a shared source for the latest lab files.
- It will be recommended that for every delivery of 20533, trainers check GitHub for any changes that may have been made to support the latest Azure services, and get the latest files for their delivery.

What about changes to the student handbook?
- We will review the student handbook on a quarterly basis and update through the normal MOC release channels as needed.

Refer to the GitHubUserGuide.docx file on the Download Center for detailed instructions for using GitHub. This document is also available on the GitHub repo as GitHubUserGuide.md.

Commit message:

Updated the GitHub User Guide name

README.md, after:

# 20533-ImplementingMicrosoftAzureInfrastructureSolutions

What are we doing?
- To support course 20533 Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions, we will need to make frequent updates to the course content to keep it current with the Azure services used in the course. We are publishing the lab instructions and lab files on GitHub to allow for open contributions between the course authors and MCTs to keep the content current with changes in the Azure platform.
- We hope that this brings a sense of collaboration to the labs like we've never had before - when Azure changes and you find it first during a live delivery, go ahead and make an enhancement right in the lab source. Help your fellow MCTs.

How should I use these files relative to the released MOC files?
- The instructor handbook and PowerPoints are still going to be your primary source for teaching the course content.
- These files on GitHub are designed to be used in conjunction with the student handbook, but are in GitHub as a central repository so MCTs and course authors can have a shared source for the latest lab files.
- It will be recommended that for every delivery of 20533, trainers check GitHub for any changes that may have been made to support the latest Azure services, and get the latest files for their delivery.

What about changes to the student handbook?
- We will review the student handbook on a quarterly basis and update through the normal MOC release channels as needed.

Refer to the 20533CGitHubUserGuideforMCTs.pdf file on the Download Center for detailed instructions for using GitHub. This document is also available on the GitHub repo as 20533CGitHubUserGuideforMCTs.md.
